README.md, before:

# BMO

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drakoumel/BMO.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drakoumel/BMO) [![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/drakoumel/BMO/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/drakoumel/BMO)
![David dm] (https://david-dm.org/drakoumel/BMO.svg)


An xmpp client,in nodejs, based on node-xmmp. The main usacase is hipchat, although it should work for other jabber based chats.


# Howto

The `server.js` file contains the main functionality to get started.
Complete the required option parameters to connect your Bot's Account with the client.

Main variables required:
  * jid: 'hipchatNumber@hipchatHost',
  * password: 'Password',
  * mentionName: 'bmo'

Default Bunyan configuration:
  `options.bunyan = {
    name: 'bmo',
    streams: [{
      level: 'info',
      path: 'bunyanLog.log'
    }]
  };`

Pass the specified variables above for custom configuration.


# Directives

The folder Directive is meant to be used as a location to store different "command" bundles.
As exposed in the repository, the directive default is used for standard functions, such as help.

The Directives are chosen from the `controller.js`

# Events Exposed

At the moment the following events are being exposed for use:
* connected
* joinedRoom
* messageReceived

Commit message:

config files for production vs development

README.md, after:

# BMO

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drakoumel/BMO.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drakoumel/BMO) [![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/drakoumel/BMO/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/drakoumel/BMO)
![David dm] (https://david-dm.org/drakoumel/BMO.svg)


An xmpp client,in nodejs, based on node-xmmp. The main usacase is hipchat, although it should work for other jabber based chats.


# Howto

The `server.js` file contains the main functionality to get started.
Fill in `config/default.json` with your details to connect.

It is advised however to use environment variables to handle your credentials.
So:

`$ export NODE_ENV=production
$ mkdir production.json //fill in your details
$ node server.js`


# Directives

The folder Directive is meant to be used as a location to store different "command" bundles.
As exposed in the repository, the directive default is used for standard functions, such as help.

The Directives are chosen from the `controller.js`

# Events Exposed

At the moment the following events are being exposed for use:
* connected
* joinedRoom
* messageReceived
